README.md, before:

# 🚀 Swapnil Hazra | AI Developer Portfolio

![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Framer Motion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-0055FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=white)
![Gemini 3.1 Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gemini_3.1_Pro-8E75B2?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-gemini&logoColor=white)

A high-performance, **Glassmorphism 2.0** developer portfolio built using "Vibe Coding" workflows. This site showcases my journey through the **100 Days of Vibe Coding** challenge and my focus on Local LLMs and Agentic Workflows.

## ✨ Key Features
- **Bento Grid Architecture:** A responsive, interactive layout for project showcase.
- **Glassmorphism 2.0 Design:** Layered translucent panes with real-time blur and emerald glow accents.
- **Agentic Infrastructure:** Built using Gemini 3.1 Pro (High) on Antigravity for optimized code structure.
- **Local AI Spotlight:** Featuring **Jarvis**, a voice-activated assistant optimized for Apple Silicon (M1).

## 🛠️ Featured Projects
- **Jarvis:** Local, voice-activated AI assistant.
- **Chat-Vibe:** Privacy-first WhatsApp chat analyzer using Gemini 2.5 Flash.
- **ResumeRank-AI:** Agentic candidate screening system.
- **Movie-Recommendation-System:** Collaborative filtering ML model.

## 🚀 Deployment
This portfolio is built with **Next.js 14** and is ready for seamless deployment on Vercel.

---
Built with 💚 by **Swapnil Hazra** | Student at Brainware University

Commit message:

docs: update README with live Vercel link and glassmorphism specs

README.md, after:

# 🚀 Swapnil Hazra | AI Developer Portfolio

<p align="left">
  <a href="https://portfolio-kohl-phi-1pq5smtvqz.vercel.app/">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/LIVE%20DEMO-059669?style=for-the-badge&logo=vercel&logoColor=white" alt="Live Portfolio"/>
  </a>
  <a href="https://github.com/Swapnil-bo">
    <img src="https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-181717?style=for-the-badge&logo=github&logoColor=white" alt="GitHub Profile"/>
  </a>
</p>

![Next.js](https://img.shields.io/badge/Next.js-000000?style=for-the-badge&logo=nextdotjs&logoColor=white)
![Tailwind CSS](https://img.shields.io/badge/Tailwind_CSS-38B2AC?style=for-the-badge&logo=tailwind-css&logoColor=white)
![Framer Motion](https://img.shields.io/badge/Framer_Motion-0055FF?style=for-the-badge&logo=framer&logoColor=white)
![Gemini 3.1 Pro](https://img.shields.io/badge/Gemini_3.1_Pro-8E75B2?style=for-the-badge&logo=google-gemini&logoColor=white)

A high-performance, **Glassmorphism 2.0** developer portfolio built using "Vibe Coding" workflows. This site showcases my journey through the **100 Days of Vibe Coding** challenge and my focus on Local LLMs and Agentic Workflows.

## 🔗 Live Experience
> **Visit the live site:** [portfolio-swapnil.vercel.app](https://portfolio-kohl-phi-1pq5smtvqz.vercel.app/)

## ✨ Key Features
- **Bento Grid Architecture:** A responsive, interactive layout for project showcase.
- **Glassmorphism 2.0 Design:** Layered translucent panes with real-time blur and emerald glow accents.
- **Agentic Infrastructure:** Built using Gemini 3.1 Pro (High) on Antigravity for optimized code structure.
- **Local AI Spotlight:** Featuring **Jarvis**, a voice-activated assistant optimized for Apple Silicon (M1).

## 🛠️ Featured Projects
- **[Jarvis](https://github.com/Swapnil-bo/Jarvis):** Local, voice-activated AI assistant.
- **[Chat-Vibe](https://github.com/Swapnil-bo/Chat-Vibe):** Privacy-first WhatsApp chat analyzer using Gemini 2.5 Flash.
- **[ResumeRank-AI](https://github.com/Swapnil-bo/ResumeRank-AI):** Agentic candidate screening system.
- **[CineMatch](https://github.com/Swapnil-bo/Movie-Recommendation-System):** Item-based collaborative filtering recommender.

## 🚀 Deployment & Tech Stack
This portfolio is built with **Next.js 14** and is deployed on **Vercel**. It leverages **Framer Motion** for high-end animations and **Tailwind CSS** for the emerald-glow aesthetic.

---
Built with 💚 by **Swapnil Hazra** | Student at Brainware University  
[LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/swapnil-hazra-4831322b7/) | [Email](mailto:swapnilhazra8@gmail.com)
